c:\users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\bin\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.exe.config
c:\users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\bin\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.exe
c:\users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\bin\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.pdb
c:\users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\bin\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.xml
c:\users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.Main.resources
c:\users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.Resources.resources
c:\users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.exe
c:\users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.xml
c:\users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.pdb
C:\Users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.Active.resources
C:\Users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.Settings.resources
C:\Users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.Patients.resources
C:\Users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.AddPatient.resources
C:\Users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.Security.resources
C:\Users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.MangePatient.resources
C:\Users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.AddSession.resources
C:\Users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.MyMessageBox.resources
C:\Users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.Statics.resources
C:\Users\mktad\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.StaticsManage.resources
C:\Users\mktad\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClinicalManagementSystem\ClinicalManagementSystem\obj\Debug\ClinicalManagementSystem.Filter.resources
